I
we
the Sun Goes the president of
student-athlete Advisory Committee and
as an auto privilege the first-ever
students the Bulldog equestrian team is
when the director that letters for the
community service we have some image
that two please click forward recognize
this year the elk award is development
is voting to recognizing newcomers to
the Bulldog program for their immediate
contribution to the team and the winners
are GG more while all those individuals
who are recognized as academic all web
conference teams please stand up there
are 122 Fresno State students honored in
2011 as the school year is coming to an
end there is still business ahead of my
only in a classroom with finals but on
the track as well my grandmother is no
longer here with me but as she always
taught me something that I will never
forget your attitude is a choice if you
think positive daily and relieving
yourself then you can accomplish your
goals I'm glad you came at this time
we'd like to announce the winners of the
Baxter award and the Bill Kennedy
scholarship these are Lords honor
outstanding members
athletic training staff and we would
like them to stand and be recognized for
the name is Shannon I heard they've got
boss sector here tonight himself in it
so we would like him to come out in a
pub was present this award the Polish
actor courage award is presented
annually to an outstanding student
athlete who is overcome the physical
chance to become a champion in the
Polish sector courage award goes to
burger tease from the women's softball
team at Fresno State academics and
athletics successor champion 205 of
Fresno State student athletes were
selected to the dean's list in 2011 in
all of combined 40 student athletes
earned a four-point-oh GPA this phone
and on top of that 18 have perfect to
motive GPAs give it a nice you see I
companies wanna say like the kid Nikita
kelly segment lacrosse AG in the time of
aggressiveness that was standard under
dr. Hawks leadership this year the award
will recognize the best healer highlight
or performance of you and the winners
are for the lacrosse program first win
and Derek are special there is more life
than just track and field and lifting
there is more to life in football field
there's more to life in softball or
baseball fields or the basketball or
voidable cords or the winner and so on
it's so forth what I found out is it's
not that doesn't matter how great of an
athlete you are of course successes
voice something you want to strive for
however what really matters Alex my
opinion is finding ways to better our
society and make this world a better
place were not only our snailed cells
for the xmas scientist but generations
to follow for the next great year fresno
state is presenting the Bulldog of the
Year award the award honors individuals
who are true champions individuals that
show you live in depressive state all
aspects I set the standard for every
student athlete both winners were
selected because of their athletic
accomplishments academic triumphs
continued service work which I stood
above all others
can you please tell us what is it that
soccer brings to your life in terms of
being a student athlete teaching you how
to be on top of everything well with
soccer you just have to go out there
every day ten percent and her coaches
will
and I think I just often do what you got
to do
to get up and go to go to class just
first of all compressions I think
saturday I'll make it quick for you
please tell us what is your most
memorable moment here at Fresno State is
probably two months ago when we played
against inferred last two times we
played them additional time when when
there's like tough match in every single
time I felt like we could beat them they
never had window this year went there
years ago like five lunches he says
gratulations
or the main goals of every stream
mapping is to graduate we have an
enormous nurse to manage graduating this
year that had an excellent academic and
athletic career the stars come out and
all I comes is here and now my universe
will never be the same I'm glad you came
I'm glad you came